add cucumber question to our faq (#3176)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/faq/questions/using-cypress-faq.md

- see {% url "Testing a chart with Cypress and Applitools" https://glebbahmutov.com/blog/testing-a-chart/ %}
- see {% url "Testing how an application renders a drawing with Cypress and Percy.io" https://glebbahmutov.com/blog/testing-visually/ %}

## {% fa fa-angle-right %} Can I use Cucumber to write tests?

> Yes, you can. You can write Cypress tests using Cucumber syntax, and a special preprocessor would convert those tests into the "regular" JavaScript Cypress tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can. You can write feature files containing Cucumber scenarios and then use Cypress to write your step definitions in your spec files. A special preprocessor then coverts the scenarios and step definitions into "regular" JavaScript Cypress tests.
```
